#20729 a11y for breadcrumbs in cookbook (#34067)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/layout_cookbook/breadcrumb_navigation/index.md

We used the [`aria-label`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-label) and [`aria-current`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-current) attributes to help assistive technology users understand what this navigation is and where the current page is in the structure. See the related links for more information.

> Be aware that the arrows `→` added via {{cssxref("content")}} in the example above are exposed to assitive technologies (AT), including screen readers and braille displays. For quieter solution, use a decorative {{HTMLElement("img")}} in your the HTML including with an empty `alt` attributes. An ARIA [`role`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles) set to [`none`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/none_role) or [`presentation`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/presentation_role) will also prevent the image from being exposed to AT. Alternatively, silence your [CSS generated content](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_generated_content) by including an empty {{cssxref("string")}} as alternative text, preceded by a slash (`/`); for example, `content: url("arrow.png") / "";`. If including generated dividers that will be exposed to AT, opt for creating the generated content using the {{cssxref("::after")}} pseudo-element selector instead of {{cssxref("::before")}} so the divider content is announced after the HTML content instead of before it.

Reviewer: - We can drop the link to "string", it is distracting in the current context.
- In the [Requirements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Layout_cookbook/Breadcrumb_Navigation#requirements) section, we've used the term "separator". So using that in place of "divider".
- Added some para breaks for logical grouping of ideas.
```suggestion
Be aware that the separator arrows `→` added via the {{cssxref("content")}} CSS property in the example above are exposed to assistive technologies (AT), including screen readers and braille displays. For a quieter solution, use a decorative {{HTMLElement("img")}} in your HTML with an empty `alt` attribute. An ARIA [`role`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles) set to [`none`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/none_role) or [`presentation`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/presentation_role) will also prevent the image from being exposed to AT.

Alternatively, silence the [CSS generated content](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_generated_content) by including an empty string as alternative text, preceded by a slash (`/`); for example, `content: url("arrow.png") / "";`.

If including generated separators that will be exposed to AT, opt for creating the generated content using the {{cssxref("::after")}} pseudo-element selector instead of {{cssxref("::before")}}, so the separator content is announced after the HTML content instead of before it.
```
